docs: Document new dbt-platform-helper architecture (#669)
uktrade/platform-tools: README.md

    poetry run pre-commit install
    ```

### Platform Helper architecture

`platform-helper` is split into the following layers:

Commands (UI) -> Domains -> Providers

> Code written for `platform-helper` should adhere to the following architecture, Shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code written for `platform-helper` should adhere to the following architecture, shown below.
```

![platform-helper architecture](doc/platform-helper-architecture.png)

#### Commands

> This is the (essentially) UI level of platform-helper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the (essentially) UI level of `platform-helper`.
```

We try to follow a noun/domain verb/action pattern, `platform-helper thing action`.

> E.g. `codebase` has the following commands (all to do with codebase):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. `codebase` has the following commands (all to do with the codebase domain:
```

- `build`
- `deploy`
- `list`
- `prepare`

> Each command has an associated `domain`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each command has an associated Domain. 
```

> There should be no business logic within the command as this is extracted to the domain layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be no business logic within the command as this is implemented in the Domain layer.
```

> CLI arguments for a command are pulled in via [click](https://click.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) and passed to the domain code along with any dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI arguments for a command are pulled in via [click](https://click.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) and passed to the Domain along with any dependencies.
```

#### Domains

Domains are where the business logic for a given command lives.

> Each domain is a class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Domain is a class.
```

> Any logged information (`click.secho`) from the `provider` level should live within the `domain` level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any logged information (`click.secho`) from the Provider level should live within the Domain level.
```

> Any common or repeatable code should not be defined within the `domain` and should instead be extracted to a suitable `provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any common/reusable elements should be implemented in a Provider.
```

#### Providers

> Providers are groups of similar logic that are linked by the resource/tool/thing they use and not by what the result of there actions is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providers are groups of similar logic that are linked by the resource/tool/thing they use rather than the result of their actions is.
```

E.g. I have a method that lists *thing* from the *thing-service* AWS using a boto3 client.

> This method does not re-use any code within the domain so it should go into the *thing-service* provider as the method can be re-used for similar resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is not specific to the Domain so it should go into the *thing-service* Provider.
```

    poetry run pre-commit install
    ```

> ### Platform Helper Architecture

Reviewer: House style...
```suggestion
### Platform Helper architecture
```

> This section is an overview of the dbt-platform-helper architecture following refactor work.
> 

Reviewer: Don't think we need this...
```suggestion
```

> dbt-platform-helper is split into the following layers:

Reviewer: I think we generally call it `platform-helper`...
```suggestion
`platform-helper` is split into the following layers:
```

Commands (UI) -> Domains -> Providers

> Any new code written for dbt-platform-helper should adhere to the below architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code written for `platform-helper` should adhere to the following architecture.
```

#### Commands

> This is the (essentially) UI level of platform-helper
> 
> e.g.
> 
> `codebase` has the following commands (all to do with codebase):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the (essentially) UI level of platform-helper.

We try to follow a noun/domain verb/action pattern, `platform-helper thing action`.

E.g. `codebase` has the following commands (all to do with codebase):
```

- `build`
- `deploy`
- `list`
- `prepare`

Each command has an associated `domain`. 

> There should be none (if any) business logic within the command as this is extracted to the domain layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be no business logic within the command as this is extracted to the domain layer.
```

> Commands is also where arguments for any given command are pulled in via click - and then passed to the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI arguments for a command are pulled in via [click](https://click.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) and passed to the domain code along with any dependencies.
```

#### Domains

Domains are where the business logic for a given command lives.

> All domains must be classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each domain is a class.
```

Any logged information (`click.secho`) from the `provider` level should live within the `domain` level.

> Any common or repeatable code should not be defined within the `domain` and should instead be extracted to a suitable `provider`. See below section for an overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any common or repeatable code should not be defined within the `domain` and should instead be extracted to a suitable `provider`.

    poetry run pre-commit install
    ```

### Platform Helper Architecture

This section is an overview of the dbt-platform-helper architecture following refactor work.

dbt-platform-helper is split into the following layers:

Commands (UI) -> Domains -> Providers

Any new code written for dbt-platform-helper should adhere to the below architecture.

#### Commands

> This is the (essentially) the UI level of platform-helper

Reviewer 2: too many "the"

> Each service represents a grouping of similar commands:

Reviewer 2: I don't really get this, what is a "service" here?

e.g.

`codebase` has the following commands (all to do with codebase):

- `build`
- `deploy`
- `list`
- `prepare`

Each command has an associated `domain`. 

There should be none (if any) business logic within the command as this is extracted to the domain layer.

Commands is also where arguments for any given command are pulled in via click - and then passed to the domain.

#### Domains

> Domains is where the business logic for a given command lives.

Reviewer 2: Domains is or are?
(questioning my English)

> Domains is where the business logic for a given command lives.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Domains are where the business logic for a given command lives.
```

    poetry run pre-commit install
    ```

### Platform Helper architecture

`platform-helper` is split into the following layers:

Commands (UI) -> Domains -> Providers

Code written for `platform-helper` should adhere to the following architecture, shown below.

![platform-helper architecture](doc/platform-helper-architecture.png)

#### Commands

This is the (essentially) UI level of `platform-helper`

We try to follow a noun/domain verb/action pattern, `platform-helper thing action`.

E.g. `codebase` has the following commands (all to do with the codebase Domain):

- `build`
- `deploy`
- `list`
- `prepare`

Each command has an associated Domain. 

There should be no business logic within the command as this is implelemented in the Domain layer.

CLI arguments for a command are pulled in via [click](https://click.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) and passed to the Domain code along with any dependencies.

#### Domains

> Domains are where the business logic for a given command lives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domains are where the business logic for a given Command lives.
```

Each Domain is a class.

Any logged information (`click.secho`) from the Provider level should live within the Domain level.

Any common/reusable elements should be implemented in a Provider.

#### Providers

> Providers are groups of similar logic that are linked by the resource/tool/thing they use rather than the result of their what actions is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providers are groups of similar logic that are linked by the resource/tool/thing they use rather than the result of what their actions is.
```
